So when I see a spirit, it's like person, but in static.
I got images of like someone in the woods and like plaid, like a red
plaid, trains and cars if you liked.
And so this is where you're going to have to tell me if I'm off or if I'm on.
So if I'm off, I will move on.
If I'm on, I will keep going.
If you're doing a cold reading, you're doing a really good job.
We're talking to this medium.
And how do you guys feel about it?
I've gotten much more nervous than it was a couple of days ago.
You know, I like, I can't help.
I can't shake this feeling like, oh, she's just going to do a cold reading.
It's just like a technique that she like knows how to like cast the net wide enough
to be vague enough that it could be right.
And like, yeah, the cold reading thing has been bugging me too, because if it
feels like we're being manipulated.
Well, if it feels like there's like a program being played out on us, you know,
I went through a real magician's phase in my life before.
I don't know if you guys know this.
Of course he does.
And does that mean like dating magicians?
Just all kinds of things, magicians and illusions.
I like I tried to be one for a moment.
You're you're you're interested in illusions.
Yeah. And so there's, you know, and and there are, I mean, there are real, like,
I mean, identical techniques so like that psychics and mediums use that like
mentalists in the magician community also employ when they're like talking to
like a crowd of people.
Can I can I can I push back on like, please?
Yeah, please push.
Those things you're saying what you mean to say is that those things are proven
to be things that some people who call themselves psychics do, right?
Like we don't those those books you read don't say anything about Ashley
who we're talking to on Sunday.
No, no, absolutely not.
Um, since since we have a few minutes, I'm curious.
Have you guys thought at all about your questions?
Yes. Having a lot of trouble with it.
Mm.
Well, I think I think you want to ask the kind of question that
is for me, I'm asking like the kind of question I would ask my therapist
or at least the kind of stuff that I want to work on in therapy, Evan.
Sorry.
If you don't let me know before you cough next time,
we're going to have a recording of me whipping your throat out.
I'm sorry. You know, I'll be getting over.
What just let me know.
I'm sorry.
I have a bunch of Flem in my throat.
Um, can we pause for a second?
What's the difference between a psychic and a medium?
Well, she said the psychic portion and the medium portion.
So I think psychic is like telling the future and medium is speaking to the dead.
Gotcha.
And the the dead person that we've decided to speak to, we're going to talk to my
grandpa who died earlier this year and who I had kind of a fraught relationship
with. I guess we can talk to the medium about how that relationship was fraught,
but I'm going to try and speak the way that I would speak to him through her.
Yeah.
Did she tell you to like come up with any questions or anything?
Well, I don't think that she's said anything about the like preparing,
but I don't think I need to.
I think.
So just I think I think I could talk to him communicating with him.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gotcha.
But I'm going to try and engage with it and take it really seriously.
And I, you know, like if I think if I act like it's really serious,
then I think I could get something out of it, you know, whether it's,
yeah, and whether or not it's real is kind of a wrong question.
Well, what she, what she asked us to do tonight, if each of you could say a
prayer to whomever you feel comfortable praying to and ask that I be able to get
any messages that you all need and that you give me permission to read.
Evan, do you, do you feel comfortable praying to anything or anyone?
Yeah.
I mean, not really.
I don't really pray.
If if you were like on an airplane and it was like about to crash, do you think you
would pray?
My instinct says no.
You would just be like, fuck this sucks.
Uh, yeah, probably.
Well, what about like, please God, let me not die right now.
I don't even think I would say something like that.
I don't think I would either.
Joy, I guess you would.
Well, I'm a little bitch.
I'm like, that's not, that's not a, that's not like a deep or, or meaningful or,
I think an important type of prayer.
Like I, I think that's the kind of prayer that's kind of bullshit and not
worth anything.
Well, but, but yeah, I would do that shit because I'd be terrified.
I don't.
And let me restate the best version of myself who I am not would like feel
a sense of gratitude to something.
So like it wouldn't be like, I think I would feel a sense of gratitude.
That is religious in nature.
Hmm.
Um, anyway, so yeah, what do you guys want to do for the prayers?
Do you want to say them?
Like I'll say, I'll say a prayer right now.
And that sounds great.
So I sincerely ask of the universe to give us something that feels salient on Sunday
because we're here in this search for, we're here trying to engage.
With this other thing, and this is our first attempt.
So I could use a little bit of like a training wheels, you know, give us something
right over the plate, you know, uh,
I like that.
Nice, nice, nice, man.
I like that too.
Well, this sounds good.
Let's go.
Every night I'll go say our prayers and we'll talk about them on Sunday
before we talk to the medium.
Just never thought I'd hear you say that.
Yes.
Ashley, how are you?
I'm good.
Try not to be nervous.
I'm also nervous.
Yeah, we're all a bit.
We're all feeling a little bit nervous.
We're all nervous.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So first off, like I don't have a clarity of what it is that you do.
Could you like, is there we can, you can explain it to us?
I sit.
Well, the simple way is I do psychic medium readings where I tune in.
To your energy and try to get that snapshot of your future.
And then I can connect with people on the other side.
If that's what people want.
Wait, so like, have you always done this or do you have a job job
that you go to every day, like a nine to five?
So my day job is I investigate scams and financial exploitation for a living.
And so, you know, that's very follow the evidence and the proof and look at everything logically.
And it's very, very different in process.
And the fact that a lot of times mediums will get or psychimidians will be
labeled as a scam.
I don't tell people because it's so taboo.
It's just taboo.
How do you feel your life is enriched now with respect to those periods
when you are closed off from it?
Like, what have you, what have you gained by opening yourself to it?
Yeah, like a whole different life altering perspective that helps calm
my fear of death, that helps calm my fear of my loved ones dying.
And when you tap into that need that that other person has and connect to that
and help them with that need, I don't know how to describe that.
Like saying that it's profound for both for both of us.
And so it's like I get to experience how loved someone else is.
Yeah, so I think we should get into that.
Why don't you talk about like what you told me, like, like your beginnings
and why this is a natural step for you.
And then also how your relationship with your abilities have like evolved over time.
Sure.
So I grew up a Mormon.
I probably had my first experience when I was.
There's probably five, but I was so young, I didn't know what I was seeing.
Like when I see a spirit, it's like an outline of a person, but in static.
But I didn't realize what I was seeing.
And then the next time that I remember was when I was eight, I was in my backyard.
And for this brief second, I just saw this image of a person.
And I knew it was my grandpa.
And I did you know what was going on?
Like, did you like were you able to sort of like where were you mentally, emotionally
during these sort of first occurrences?
So it still didn't occur to me that not everybody saw this stuff.
Because I grew up in the community and the culture and the religion that there are angels
and there are demons and there are entities of light and good.
And everybody has a spirit and sometimes you see them and there's this all of these
stories throughout our church history of people seeing things.
So it's like this is just where everybody sees things.
Yeah, I guess I, yeah.
What so how do you refer to this, this kind of empathy that you do?
Like is it mediumship?
Like what do you call it?
It's like an extreme ability to empathize whether people want me to or not.
There's permission involved.
Joey mentioned something about your family and we were wondering if you would be
comfortable talking about that and sort of what you learned from that experience.
And I guess what happened?
Sure.
My brother and I were very close.
He committed suicide five years ago.
Um, so anyway, my, my brother appeared as this mass in my bedroom, like, and back to
the, the static, the, just like the static outline of a person.
And the energy that I was feeling from him was so intense, like guilt.
And I, it was like I knew that death didn't bring him what he thought it would.
Um, feeling and knowing that death didn't accomplish what he thought he would.
And he was like just rocked with regret.
And so the only thing I knew to do was say, like, we're going to be okay.
Let you can move forward.
Did you feel, I mean, like that, that's such an awful, like it's like the worst
feeling you could have after losing a loved one to also have this feeling that like
they're not even that piece.
I mean, so I'm wondering like when you, when you said what you said to him, did you
feel like there was some connection there?
Like it made contact.
Well, that one thing taught me one thing that you are the same here as you are
on the other side.
You don't magically change.
You are the same.
So it's not going to accomplish what you think it will.
Um, you're either going to have to fix it now with your body or you're going to
have to fix it on the other side.
You can pick which one, but it's probably easier here than to fix it on the other
side.
So I'm still going to need therapy after I die.
Yeah.
Exactly.
So you can get therapy now or you can get therapy there.
Um, also, what's a copay look like?
I might have better insurance.
Yeah.
So you see your brother, you see my brother and, and that was very sad.
Um, and anyway, then like, oh, there was two weeks between when he died and when he
had the, when we had the funeral for him.
And a few days before the funeral, I have this very intense and real dream where he
comes to me and like I'm sitting with my husband in a restaurant who walks in and
he's like, okay, at that point.
I'm so sorry.
God damn.
I mean, I'm glad that he's okay, but like fuck, you know, um, one last thing before we
start, can you tell us like what you're going to do, like physically or mentally?
Like what do you do to prepare or like maintain this, like state of openness?
I, I usually will do some stretches and, um, shocker work and ask that, um, um, that
I may be able to know, think channel, uh, to the best of my ability, uh, to help you
the most.
Huh.
So how do we start?
All right.
So I've got an M.
Um, okay.
So I'll just jump right into my questions.
Uh, question one is, am I overextending myself and like, should I drop something to
free up mental and emotional energy?
Uh, question two is how much time must pass before I'm ready for another relationship.
And question three is, so I keep getting to the final round of job interviews and
feeling like I have it only to be rejected.
And so like, is there something that I can do to, to like, make this happen and like
seal the deal, you know?
Okay.
And so I'm just going to take a minute.
The, I'm just going to take a minute.
So you'll just hear some silence.
Feel free to edit it out because this is not like the TV where people just instantly
get stuff.
It's just going to take me a minute.
I'm going to zone in and I, I will probably have some, some follow up questions.
Cause sometimes I'll get some words and I'll need some clarification why I'm getting that word.
So.
I see your activities.
I feel like you haven't tapped into the depth of your soul and your intuition.
Like you are doing all of these things that are superficial, superficially,
purpose and superficial doesn't mean bad.
It's like busy work.
Like you can keep yourself busy and you can do these things that will, you know, take up your time.
But when you, when it comes to your depth and actual development, that there's some digging
that needs to be done there.
And some, it feels like you're, I mean, the, the openness, the general direction that you're
going is good.
It feels like there's a window that is opening to add lower depth.
This lower depth is kind of like the spiritual side that will help you with your intuition,
which is going to help you with everything else.
But your next relationship is after you've built some depth.
Like you need to get some type of a spiritual practice.
I'm not even going to tell you what spiritual practice you find something that works for you
that helps you connect.
Does any of that resonate at all?
And you can tell me now if it doesn't.
Uh, yeah, I mean, I definitely don't have like a spiritual practice.
So you're, you're, you spot on.
Um, but yeah, yeah, I mean, it does.
Yeah, for sure.
I have a question if it's okay.
Yeah.
Um, Evan is really tough because he's a very communicative person.
Like he, he's better at navigating like social dynamics than anybody I know, including
like being a really good friend and being expressive as a friend.
But, but I do feel like there is that like the moment he has a, if something I say,
it makes him feel some type of way, he will tell me like directly.
Um, but then I do kind of feel like there might be some kind of impenetrability
behind this behind this, like you're very good at navigating the sea of emotions.
But then like the depths, I feel like I never get to touch.
I guess my question is like, what does that look like?
What would that, what would that look like to you?
I don't know.
Like it's just a feeling.
And then, and then I, I mean, and I feel like we've gotten at this before you and me.
Um, and again, like I don't, it's not like you're doing anything wrong.
I mean, I, I do feel really connected with you.
It's just like I feel like there's some level that I can't get to.
I don't know.
It feels like the first person in the room to cry would not be Evan.
I think that's probably true.
And then the other thing is I would say that like this relationship that just ended.
I think the next person will be somebody who has figured out that kind of depth of
soul stuff.
Like I think that might maybe exactly what you need.
Somebody who's coming at you, having worked out themselves beforehand, you know?
Yeah, that, that kind of groundedness and self understanding that you were talking
about, I think your ex boyfriend didn't have any of that stuff figured out.
From my perspective, I think that was one of the problems in that dynamic is that.
Yeah, they felt like they just came with a bit of chaos.
This next person doesn't have that same chaos and they haven't figured out.
So yeah.
Yeah.
All right.
Any questions or anything, not make sense?
Um, no, I mean, it's there's like like internal resistance to some of the things
that you said.
And then like that was my immediate gut reaction to a few of them.
And then after that, I was like, well, let me, let me just think about like sort of
what you're talking about.
And then after after I did that, I was like, no, there's something, you know,
I mean, there's some truth, I think to what you're saying.
Okay.
Good.
Um, it feels like everything will come together when you get in touch with your gut,
like truly, deeply in touch with your gut and your intuition.
Okay.
Great.
Thank you.
Yeah.
Who's next?
We've got Joe.
Yeah.
So I, as like we talked about, I engage with this stuff a little bit.
I have this Christian background.
I go to Quaker meetings and I, I, uh, I don't know, like I, I try to listen,
speak and listen, right?
To this Quakers call it the inner light to the God inside of me and everyone.
Right.
I mean, it's not that I doubt the reality of the thing.
It's just that I, I try to do this.
And I, I feel like I get close, but not quite there, you know, and, and I feel
in more in the mornings and I have a lot of trouble, particularly at night,
uh, getting with that, like truth that feels comforting.
So then I don't feel comforted and I'm wondering any, anything you do.
Uh, yeah, there's, there's, one important thing to know is that I don't
continually always have this very sustained, like feeling of connection.
There have been very significant moments in my life where I haven't felt any
connection.
Yeah.
Um,
I'm feeling like you need to quiet your mind and part of the reason that you
haven't had like the warm fuzzy is mainly because of your brain.
Like you need to quiet your body, your mind and everything.
Just stop and understand that God's voice is quiet.
And that sometimes you won't feel because feeling might not be your
strength, hearing may be your strength.
Um, and so when you quiet your body and you quiet your mind, listen to the
words that come to your mind.
We expect these like big roaring, like booming God voice.
And that's not how it is.
It feels like thoughts, part of the reason that mediumship was so hard when I
started learning is because it's hard to discern between my own thoughts and the
thoughts of spirit.
Yeah, very, very similar.
Um, and the same with intuition, like, how do I know I'm not just anxious?
And how do I know if, you know, this is, you know, like a warning or how do I
decipher and determine the only way you can do that is with practice.
And so it just feels like you need to listen that your strength is in hearing.
Not in feeling.
Great.
Yeah.
That's really helpful.
Thank you.
Okay.
Tom.
Hello.
So, um, normally when I, when I pick up on someone on the other side, um, I
will get like the clear feeling on the left or the right.
And it, it feels kind of like both, which is weird.
Um, male on the mother's side.
Yeah.
Uh, you, you asked, uh, you asked me to pick someone out that we were going to
try and channel it was, it was my mom's father who died, uh, earlier this year.
Good.
Yay.
Okay.
So I'm.
It's pretty good.
And so this is, um, when somebody passes over to the other side, there's
still kind of learning how to communicate.
Um, imagine you had to tell somebody about yourself by giving them symbols,
right?
Like a bird or a train or like, I got images of like plaid, like a red plaid,
um, trains and cars.
And so this is where you're going to have to tell me if I'm off or if I'm,
well, if, if you're doing a cold reading, you're doing a really good job.
So my grandpa, uh, after he died and we, you know, went through all of his
things, one of the things that I took was a plaid jacket.
And he was a politician who spent his entire life, uh, focused on public
transit.
And in particular, he really loved trains.
That's so great.
So he's there.
And so he's doing a pretty good job of presenting himself, um, so that you
would recognize him.
Um,
he feels like he would be able to navigate a situation well, but you'd
never be able to really know what he's feeling.
He was, you know, kind of a cold guy in a way.
He definitely had a hard time talking about his emotions, except for anger and
resentment.
Yeah.
There's, there's, he's still discovering and working through emotions.
When, um, I, I typically would be able to pick up on the feeling of what it is.
Like they're wanting to share this feeling.
And it feels like he has these things that are stacked and he's still working
through and sorting through how to feel them and then present those emotions.
It feels like he's working through things.
And that it's hard for him to look back on his life and see the damage.
Yeah.
I mean, that, that does resonate, you know, he, uh, he and I hadn't spoken in years
and years before he died.
Um, he had kind of a falling out with my mother that he was just a person who would
get really angry and feel aggrieved and then he couldn't let go of a grudge and
didn't know how to move on.
Um, and you know, we had this fight with my mom and stop talking to her.
So I kind of stopped talking to him.
And there were a lot of people in his life like that.
Um, he doesn't have any graduates that he's holding on to.
He sees now. So your mom, you, and it feels like there's other people.
He did have other, you know, graduates like that, like he and his sister, like
just hated each other.
I think it was more on his side.
Um, but yeah, that was a big source of strife in the family.
He, um, I, so I don't feel grudges anymore.
Like he does not feel like he has, right?
Is it does feel like there's guilt.
And this is the part where we remember that you can work things out here or you
can work things out on the other side and he's working things out on the other
side. And he's kind of in that place where he's like, Oh, shit balls.
I did a lot.
You know, in the years, you know, after he and my mother had this falling out,
like I really.
Resented the problems that he was causing.
Um, and.
You know, even right after his death, I was, you know, I learned more about how he
lived his life and his relationship with my mother and her siblings and a.
Uh, I was pretty angry, but I thought and, you know, talk to people.
About his, you know, personal struggles and his mental health and.
It shifted more towards.
Kind of, I guess, pity and understanding.
Um, and he can hear you and he knows what's going on, even though you can't,
you are not, you know, tuning into him.
Yeah, I don't, uh, I don't think he had a lot of.
Joy in his life, there was certainly some, uh, but I guess if he's, you know,
kicking around somewhere, I hope he figures it out.
Yeah.
Like he takes full responsibility for everything.
Hmm.
Just going to go ahead and sever that tie right now with him.
Okay.
Wow.
I mean, that was the first time that I've ever talked to a dead guy.
Yeah.
How, uh, so how do you guys feel about that?
I mean, uh, like, I don't know.
Obviously we'll never know whether Ashley is actually tapped into, you know,
what she says that she is, but whether or not that was, you know, real,
whatever that means, like that was a really intense experience.
Like I kind of teared up a couple of the times.
And it's interesting, like just thinking about what that can do for you.
Like I don't think I would have been able to engage with, you know, these
thoughts and like, you know, emotions I've been having about my grandfather,
like, because how else are you going to do it?
Right?
Like it almost doesn't matter whether it's.
Whether it was a real thing from an emotional perspective because it felt real.
Yeah.
It sounds like it's a real for you.
Joe.
Well, she also plaids her mother's father.
Yeah, it's fucking strange.
Yeah.
I mean, that's how, you know, I, I like Ashley.
I trust her.
I don't think she was doing cold reading, but that is how cold readings work, right?
I mean, I was going to go further and be like the probability that she got
that it's your mother's father, plaid t-shirts and trains out of the
entire English language.
Like what is the probability of that?
That's got to be like astronomically low, right?
Yeah.
I mean, I'm sure if we talk to someone who debunk psychics, right,
there's these people that that's like their whole job, presumably,
they could pick apart all the reasons why it's not amazing that she was able to,
you know, guess or whatever it is, all these details about my relationship with
my grandpa and the fact that I wanted to talk to him and like what, you know,
color the jacket that he gave me was, but it, it really did help me lock in that.
She was saying all these things that were bizarrely coincidental.
Yeah.
And I will say that like even that thing that we were all doing when she was doing
that, what are the odds of this?
How did she do this?
I think that's what we need to try to quiet.
Right.
As we go through this process, right?
Like you like allow yourself to be amazed by that because that's how you will
experience greater meaning from what follows, right?
Evan, how did, how did you feel about all that?
How did you feel about your reading?
Yeah.
Like I thought some of it was on and some of it was slightly off, you know?
It's so funny to me because like I could hear you.
Not getting much out of it.
And, or this is my interpretation.
I could, I felt like I could hear you not getting much out of it at the same
time as I was feeling and hearing so much meaning and acuity in what she was
saying for your life in particular.
Yeah.
I mean, it sounded like the kinds of things that I would tell you.
So, yeah, I guess the reason why I, you know, maybe I, what came across is like
me not really connecting with what she was saying is like, if I were to ask you
guys that same question about like, you know, when will I be ready to like find
another partner?
Yeah, you might give me the exact same advice.
And like it's true.
But again, it's not like what is the difference when that information comes
from one of my close friends, like one of you guys, or whether it comes from a
median/psychic.
Well, I guess for me, what separates it is the fact that Ashley gave you the
same advice that I would give you feels like magic.
Right.
Like how did she know to give you the same advice that I would give you as
someone who's been your friend for years now and whether or not that's meaningful
to you is a really personal thing.
And I don't think that she did that again.
But like we prompted her with these questions, right?
So she's, she knew that I would just recently gotten into a, that I'm dealing
with a breakup because we told her that she knows that I'm looking for a new job
because I told her that.
And so it's, you know, it's not that much of a stretch really at all for somebody
to be like, yeah, like you probably are feeling a little shut down.
You're feeling a little hurt right now.
You know, the next person is going to come when like you're opening up back,
you're opening back up a little bit more.
You're ready to accept love, et cetera, et cetera.
Like that just to me is like a logical next step, but maybe you're right.
Like I don't know.
Maybe I, maybe it is something more anomalistic that this person who's a
complete stranger gave me this similar advice.
So I guess my question then is for you, was the Ashley experience a failed
experiment or did it work for you?
Sure.
Yeah.
She said some interesting things, but like very easily this could be, you know,
this other thing.
It doesn't mean that I believe it is her just doing like a cold reading.
It just means like, yeah, it's possible, right?
But it also what goes along with that is, is, is, yeah, me just not being so
like easily impressed with people.
So what's interesting to me, Evan, I saw your defenses up at that time.
And I feel like that's being validated now.
And what I would like you to ask yourself is, is this resistance?
This skepticism that you can't let it like go of preventing you from seeing
the meaning in your reading that I saw in your reading.
It's not that I'm skeptic in my mind or I'm defensive.
It's just that like, I don't know.
And it's rational thinking in, in my mind that it's rational thinking to me to just
be like, Oh yeah, there are other ways that this information could be coming up.
But it doesn't mean that's what it is.
It just means that it's possible.
Joey, what did you think about your reading?
I really like this idea that I'm going to this place to blossom.
It'll be hard at first, but then it'll be beautiful and I'll come away with
some like really meaningful new relationships and leave.
I like, I like all of those basic features.
I like you leaving the Bay Area too.
Yeah.
I just feel like home for Joey.
I don't think it's a natural fit, but it's also kind of what I need.
And like, I don't know.
Yeah.
So it sounds like long story short, you might recommend psychics to people.
And I think after the experience that I had, I kind of agree.
But it's, I mean, I can get on board with that, but I think it's important to like
explain our perspective in using psychics.
The reason I loved Ashley and this day or this record is that
everything that happened fits perfectly.
Like in the world where everything that happened was meaningful and specific to
us and real and deep and prophetic.
And in the reality where like everything is statistical and cold reading and we were
mirror just, she's just mirroring our energy and all that, right?
Like everything we're going to encounter, it's not going to fall cleanly in one
or the other and it will be up to us to choose the one, you know?
Like her brother, right?
Like she had this experience of seeing her brother and interacting with him.
And like there is no, did that happen or didn't that happen?
It happened.
She had that experience.
She described it to us.
You know what I mean?
The only thing you can ask is if she'd lying or not.
And I think we all believe that the answer is definitely not.
She is not a lie.
Certainly didn't feel to me like she was being dishonest at any point.
Yes.
So beyond that, like there is no reality or not that it is real.
Like that experience happened.
So where do we go from here?
I guess I got to unblock my shockers, right?
Yeah, I think so.
- I think that's next.